[IMP] Multi: minor content changes for 19.0 (#15330)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/commissions.rst

------------

Performance can be measured in several ways in performance plans. These are configured in the

> :guilabel:`Achievements` tab of each plan. It's possible to track achievements by all products sold,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Achievements` tab of each plan. It is possible to track achievements by all products sold,
```
